Appdev 10144 update solr (#105)
UNC-Libraries/jitterbug: README.md

php artisan db:seed --class=UsersTableSeeder
```
#### Indexing Solr Cores

> (The data import functionality is deprecated and scheduledto be removed in Solr 9.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(The data import functionality is deprecated and scheduled to be removed in Solr 9.)
```
